k8s/README.md, before:

# Kubernetes resources configuration for ThingsBoard Microservices

This folder containing scripts and Kubernetes resources configurations to run ThingsBoard in Microservices mode.

## Prerequisites

ThingsBoard Microservices are running on Kubernetes cluster.
You need to have a Kubernetes cluster, and the kubectl command-line tool must be configured to communicate with your cluster.
If you do not already have a cluster, you can create one by using [Minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube), 
or you can choose any other available [Kubernetes cluster deployment solutions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/pick-right-solution/).

### Enable ingress addon

By default ingress addon is disable in the Minikube, and available only in cluster providers.
To enable ingress, please execute next command:

`
$ minikube addons enable ingress
` 

## Installation

Before performing initial installation you can configure the type of database to be used with ThingsBoard and the type of deployment.
In order to set database type change the value of `DATABASE` variable in `.env` file to one of the following:

- `postgres` - use PostgreSQL database;
- `cassandra` - use Cassandra database;

**NOTE**: According to the database type corresponding kubernetes resources will be deployed (see `postgres.yml`, `cassandra.yml` for details).

In order to set deployment type change the value of `DEPLOYMENT_TYPE` variable in `.env` file to one of the following:

- `basic` - start up with single instance of Zookeeper, Kafka and Redis;
- `high-availability` - start up with Zookeeper, Kafka and Redis in cluster modes;

**NOTE**: According to the deployment type corresponding kubernetes resources will be deployed (see content of the directories `./basic` and `./high-availability` for details).

Execute the following command to run installation:

`
$ ./k8s-install-tb.sh --loadDemo
`

Where:

- `--loadDemo` - optional argument. Whether to load additional demo data.

## Running

Execute the following command to deploy thirdparty resources:

`
$ ./k8s-deploy-thirdparty.sh
`

Type **'yes'** when prompted, if you are running ThingsBoard in `high-availability` `DEPLOYMENT_TYPE` for the first time and don't have configured Redis cluster.

Execute the following command to deploy resources:

`
$ ./k8s-deploy-resources.sh
`

After a while when all resources will be successfully started you can open `http://{your-cluster-ip}` in you browser (for ex. `http://192.168.99.101`).
You should see ThingsBoard login page.

Use the following default credentials:

- **System Administrator**: sysadmin@thingsboard.org / sysadmin

If you installed DataBase with demo data (using `--loadDemo` flag) you can also use the following credentials:

- **Tenant Administrator**: tenant@thingsboard.org / tenant
- **Customer User**: customer@thingsboard.org / customer

In case of any issues you can examine service logs for errors.
For example to see ThingsBoard node logs execute the following commands:

1) Get list of the running tb-node pods:

`
$ kubectl get pods -l app=tb-node
`

2) Fetch logs of tb-node pod:

`
$ kubectl logs -f [tb-node-pod-name]
`

Where:

- `tb-node-pod-name` - tb-node pod name obtained from the list of the running tb-node pods.

Or use `kubectl get pods` to see the state of all the pods.
Or use `kubectl get services` to see the state of all the services.
Or use `kubectl get deployments` to see the state of all the deployments.
See [kubectl Cheat Sheet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet/) command reference for details.

Execute the following command to delete all ThingsBoard microservices:

`
$ ./k8s-delete-resources.sh
`

Execute the following command to delete all thirdparty microservices:

`
$ ./k8s-delete-thirdparty.sh
`

Execute the following command to delete all resources (including database):

`
$ ./k8s-delete-all.sh
`

## Upgrading

In case when database upgrade is needed, execute the following commands:

```
$ ./k8s-delete-resources.sh
$ ./k8s-upgrade-tb.sh --fromVersion=[FROM_VERSION]
$ ./k8s-deploy-resources.sh
```

Where:

- `FROM_VERSION` - from which version upgrade should be started. See [Upgrade Instructions](https://thingsboard.io/docs/user-guide/install/upgrade-instructions) for valid `fromVersion` values.

Commit message:

Added possibility to run PostgreSQL with replicas (using helm)

k8s/README.md, after:

# Kubernetes resources configuration for ThingsBoard Microservices

This folder containing scripts and Kubernetes resources configurations to run ThingsBoard in Microservices mode.

## Prerequisites

ThingsBoard Microservices are running on Kubernetes cluster.
You need to have a Kubernetes cluster, and the kubectl command-line tool must be configured to communicate with your cluster.
If you do not already have a cluster, you can create one by using [Minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube), 
or you can choose any other available [Kubernetes cluster deployment solutions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/pick-right-solution/).

### Enable ingress addon

By default ingress addon is disable in the Minikube, and available only in cluster providers.
To enable ingress, please execute next command:

`
$ minikube addons enable ingress
` 

## Installation

Before performing initial installation you can configure the type of database to be used with ThingsBoard and the type of deployment.
In order to set database type change the value of `DATABASE` variable in `.env` file to one of the following:

- `postgres` - use PostgreSQL database;
- `cassandra` - use Cassandra database;

**NOTE**: According to the database type corresponding kubernetes resources will be deployed (see `postgres.yml`, `cassandra.yml` for details).

In order to set deployment type change the value of `DEPLOYMENT_TYPE` variable in `.env` file to one of the following:

- `basic` - start up with single instance of Zookeeper, Kafka and Redis;
- `high-availability` - start up with Zookeeper, Kafka and Redis in cluster modes;

**NOTE**: According to the deployment type corresponding kubernetes resources will be deployed (see content of the directories `./basic` and `./high-availability` for details).

Also to run PostgreSQL in `high-availability` deployment mode you'll need to  [install](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) `helm` and add Bitnami helm repository using command:

`
$ helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
`

Execute the following command to run installation:

`
$ ./k8s-install-tb.sh --loadDemo
`

Where:

- `--loadDemo` - optional argument. Whether to load additional demo data.

## Running

Execute the following command to deploy thirdparty resources:

`
$ ./k8s-deploy-thirdparty.sh
`

Type **'yes'** when prompted, if you are running ThingsBoard in `high-availability` `DEPLOYMENT_TYPE` for the first time and don't have configured Redis cluster.

Execute the following command to deploy resources:

`
$ ./k8s-deploy-resources.sh
`

After a while when all resources will be successfully started you can open `http://{your-cluster-ip}` in you browser (for ex. `http://192.168.99.101`).
You should see ThingsBoard login page.

Use the following default credentials:

- **System Administrator**: sysadmin@thingsboard.org / sysadmin

If you installed DataBase with demo data (using `--loadDemo` flag) you can also use the following credentials:

- **Tenant Administrator**: tenant@thingsboard.org / tenant
- **Customer User**: customer@thingsboard.org / customer

In case of any issues you can examine service logs for errors.
For example to see ThingsBoard node logs execute the following commands:

1) Get list of the running tb-node pods:

`
$ kubectl get pods -l app=tb-node
`

2) Fetch logs of tb-node pod:

`
$ kubectl logs -f [tb-node-pod-name]
`

Where:

- `tb-node-pod-name` - tb-node pod name obtained from the list of the running tb-node pods.

Or use `kubectl get pods` to see the state of all the pods.
Or use `kubectl get services` to see the state of all the services.
Or use `kubectl get deployments` to see the state of all the deployments.
See [kubectl Cheat Sheet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet/) command reference for details.

Execute the following command to delete all ThingsBoard microservices:

`
$ ./k8s-delete-resources.sh
`

Execute the following command to delete all thirdparty microservices:

`
$ ./k8s-delete-thirdparty.sh
`

Execute the following command to delete all resources (including database):

`
$ ./k8s-delete-all.sh
`

## Upgrading

In case when database upgrade is needed, execute the following commands:

```
$ ./k8s-delete-resources.sh
$ ./k8s-upgrade-tb.sh --fromVersion=[FROM_VERSION]
$ ./k8s-deploy-resources.sh
```

Where:

- `FROM_VERSION` - from which version upgrade should be started. See [Upgrade Instructions](https://thingsboard.io/docs/user-guide/install/upgrade-instructions) for valid `fromVersion` values.
